hey everyone's I'll start with no makeup
and then put some primer on to prep my
skin for foundation then to achieve a
nice full coverage very flawless finish
I'm going to use a l'oreal true match
foundation with a stippling brush
then I'm going to take this mac
prolongwear concealer is two shades
lighter than my skin tone to highlight
because it does not crease underneath
the eyes that stays put and i love the
finish of it and I blend that out with a
stippling brush to create that in our
kind of highlighted glow look
then I'm going to take a powder that is
two lights from actual skin tone and
apply that over the highlighted area
it's just kind of accentuates the
highlight and sets it in place and then
I want to set the rest of my face with a
translucent powder
then I want to use some NARS Laguna
bronzer with a nas brush this brush is
absolutely amazing perfect for a really
dramatic contour and to find the nose
mark on good stuffs I'm going to use
that and yeah contour my face
next one who's a very very soft pink
blush so it's nice and natural looking
because of our doing dark eyes I want to
keep the rest of the face nice and
natural-looking someone whose neck soft
and gentle to highlight then for our
base one user maybelline color tattoo
and apply that with my fingers all over
my eyelid and then blend it out very
very very thoroughly with a round
blending brush this is really really
crucial you want their blending to be on
point with a short stubby a blending
brush and when apply some more of that
under the eyes quite thick um it kind of
adds to the smokiness of the overall I
look
then I'm gonna go a little bit more
product on my blending brush and blend
out even more times this amazing amazing
pressed pigment I'm gonna press it onto
my eyelids with my finger first then
grab someone around and blending brush a
new blending brush and then blend that
into the crease and then blend it all
over my eyelid as well the tissue is
there just to prevent any fallout
you
then I'm going to take a pencil brush
and smudge that all over the color
tattoo cream I should have you put on
the forehand
next taking is awesome glossy pencil I'm
going to line my top lash line very very
kind of a mess elitist America's not
neat and underneath my lashes and
intimate lashes and just everywhere and
take that little smudge brush we use
before and as blend blend blend blend of
that pencil out to make it nice and
smoky and grungy looking and i line my
waterline and do the same step on my
important lashes
then I took a much thinner blending
brush and put the pencil straight onto
the brush and then smudge that into my
lash line just a little bit easier
because that brush were using before was
quite thick NSW then just line to the
inner corner area and got a smaller
blending brush put some old pressed
pigment on it and blend it into the
outer corner of my eyes after that I
took a white highlighting shade of map
one and highlighting my brow bone
then I applied some mascara I'm making
sure focus the majority of the product
on the very very base or root of her
luscious and then applied some foxes
then as usual I apply lots of mascara on
my bottom lashes and again I major
effort to smoke the product on your very
very face or root on the blush because
it makes them look much bigger and much
darker but then as with the rest of the
face I went for a very very nude lips
that they focus was on the eyes
and now for some awkward posing hope you
guys like this tutorial i absolutely
love how it turned out i'm dead and i
start doing this instead of my usual
black smokey eye so we'll hope you guys
enjoyed thank you for watching and i
will see you next week bye